hello guys how are you today rats utep
and here we are again in the minecraft
as you see in the title that is called
epic anger is because today I am very
bad host in a very bad mood because what
what has really happened to me I did not think that
was going to happen I did not think anyone could
be such a bad person to do it
it turns out that today when he wanted me
connect to the xbox does not let me connect me
he said how good that they had
connected from another from another place
from another xbox to my account thing that is
very complicated that my address
account
when I try to get again
password and everything puts me that the
password is wrong that I have to
verify the thanks to you had a
alternative email account
I could reset the password when
inside I realized the following
they deleted the game to minecraft me
they erased all the maps I had
they erased all the good all the things
that I had also say my character from
call of dutty my character from
butterfield my fifa player me
erased absolutely everything
they could and more I had about 800
microsoft points less spent some in
I do not even know how they did but good
it seemed to say they made an embezzlement
totally in my live xbox account
the truth that I wanted to share it with
you with all those who
that you really follow me since this one
he also theoretically told me that it was a
follower of mine because the person so
nice sent me an email saying
good to be given the authorship of
done saying exactly like that
I have been
the person who has hacked your account
I was the person who deleted you
all because you're a youtuber that does not
you deserve all the subscribers that
do you have
postscript if you keep uploading videos I'll keep
hacking you the bill
well this was sent to my email called
an email of 360
gmail.com
forgive for in the voice so it's a bit
with this normal level my voice
he came back normal not angry friend
I'll be pretty bad host
because I think I have not done anything bad
as for this person to have
that hack me now yes as you see the
map that is in the background with my pyramid
everything is the one that had thrown me so many
hours doing it where you record also
the tutorials the one that many of
you teach with all the love of
world after all the time that I
it cost to do it but well this map already
He happened to history and this hacker
commissioned to erase I commissioned it from
take it away from me I do not know how he did it I do not know how
could have entered is that I do not have even the
no idea how they could have done that
is that no no no no I get inside the
head I thought it may have been a
failure to the best of the xbox but good
after receiving that email with
the authorship of the facts
Well the truth is simply to say that
I am very disappointed and it is more
I'm going to talk more about this character I do not know
it deserves it is not worth it nor what
insult or anything I will not continue talking
the truth I will not lead the
subscribers that if they really follow me
those who appreciate me love me
to those 4 thousand 100 today that I have
guys do not worry about how much I
keep hacking me keep erasing
everything will remain here faithful to you
I do not care, this has made me learn
and it's going to make me fight a lot more I'm going to
keep talking our worlds I'm going to
keep doing tutorials with messages
in the bottle with everything absolutely with
all because you deserve it I'm not going to
ask for subscribers I will not ask for likes
that is your thing simply
tell you that many thanks for
follow me to all those who really
you follow me that you are with all the
darling and nothing guys see you
Somalia